OPSEXP-1199 Adds and documents a license installation mechanism (#674)
Alfresco/acs-deployment: docs/helm/examples/alf_license.md

# Deploy Alfresco Content Services with the ability to manage licenses

> Alfresco content repository Docker images come with an embeded license which last only 2 days. If you've built a custom image, it may have a one year license but in order to change it you would need to biuld a new image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alfresco content repository Docker images come with an embedded license which last only 2 days. If you've built a custom image, it may have a one year license but in order to change it you would need to build a new image.
```
